Add guides for redis hosting and cart storage in redis (#1484)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/performance/increment.md

            url: 'redis://host:port/dbindex'
```

### Redis configuration

As the information stored here is durable and should be persistent, even in the case of a Redis restart, it is recommended to configure the used Redis instance that it will not just keep the data in memory, but also store it on the disk. This can be done by using snapshots (RDB) and Append Only Files (AOF), refer to the [Redis docs](https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/management/persistence/) for details.

> As key eviction policy you should use `volatile-lru`, which only automatically deletes data that is expired, as otherwise you might risk of losing data. For a detailed overview of Redis key eviction policies see the [Redis docs](https://redis.io/docs/latest/develop/reference/eviction/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As key eviction policy you should use `volatile-lru`, which only automatically deletes data that is expired, as otherwise you might risk losing data. For a detailed overview of Redis key eviction policies refer to the [Redis docs](https://redis.io/docs/latest/develop/reference/eviction/).
```
